Appeal about W3C standardization process (#338)
BrainJS/brain.js: README.md

:bulb: **Note**: This is a continuation of the [**harthur/brain**](https://github.com/harthur/brain) repository (which is not maintained anymore). For more details, check out [this issue](https://github.com/harthur/brain/issues/72).

## W3C machine learning standardization process

If you are a developer or if you just care about how ML API should look like - please take a part and join W3C community and share your opinions or simply support opinions you like or agree with.

> Brain.js is widely adopted open source machine learning library in javascript world. There are several reasons for it, but most notable is **simplicity of usage while not sacrafizing performance**.

Reviewer: sacrafizing => sacrificing

> Brain.js is widely adopted open source machine learning library in javascript world. There are several reasons for it, but most notable is **simplicity of usage while not sacrafizing performance**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Brain.js is a widely adopted open source machine learning library in the javascript world. There are several reasons for it, but most notable is **simplicity of usage while not sacrificing performance**.
```
